Come on everyone get off
Get out of the car and come down here
boss
Jianglu Qile Helin
We got in the car to rescue them.
Ok ok I'll go too
What are you doing? You can't fight.
I have to go. My partner got kidnapped by a human trafficker.
I can't do things.
We go too we go too I go too I go too
I'm going too, we're going too, we're going too
Go wait for me
Okay, if this is really going to the hall
We were really taken abroad
You guys are really watery looking
Are you on the boat in a while?
Let the brothers play
It can't be cheaper for those foreigners, right?
If this is sold abroad
That's the top card.
You dare to touch me
I will die for you.
Pretty tough, huh?
I like to be honest and get on the boat